Journal:

The blockchain we built for this project functions differently than what was detailed in the project description, and is a proof of work blockchain that stores bets that users make on user-created predictions posted on the website. It validates blocks by comparing previous hashes stored in blocks against the actual hashes of the blocks. Additionally, as detailed in the project description, nonces can be mined using SHA-256 hashing with configurable difficulty. Once mining is triggered for a block, mining begins until a nonce that satisfies the set difficulty is found, and then it is put into the chain.
In main.py, when a user connects via a websocket, they are assigned a peer ID and they are sent a list of existing peers to connect to via WebRTC, and this list is managed in the Network class. Other peers on the network are notified upon said users arrival or leaving of the network.
Every 10 seconds, a background loop checks the health of the network, using the fiedler value, which is the second-smallest eigenvalue of the graph's laplacian matrix. If that value drops below a set threshold, the network is considered poorly connected and the server finds the weakest point in the network and adds a new edge to bridge it. Upon this, peers on either side of the bridge get a message telling them to connect to one another. WebRTC P2P connections require a TURN server to relay traffic when a direct connection between peers is unavailable or not possible.
On the website, users create an account via Google authentication provided by Auth0 which creates a JWT token associated with their account. Then, the server verifies said token via Auth0's JWKS endpoint. Upon account creation, the user is assigned an arbitrary balance of starting currency ($100), and a document is created in our MongoDB's users collection, additionally storing the time of their account creation. Upon each login, their last_login entry is updated. Each users ID is created by hashing their email, token, and a random nonce. Every endpoint authenticates the users bearer token sending the request.
Users create predictions on the website by specifying a string associated with the prediction, whether it is a yes/no or high/low prediction, and a set date for the prediction and additionally the user ID associated with the user who created the prediction is stored in the Predictions collection in MongoDB. 
When a user bets a certain amount on a prediction, specifying yes/no or high/low, it is stored in the market collection, which keeps a database-based log of all transactions made on the website. Additionally, the amount bet is removed from the users balance, and the prediction said user is betting on receives an update to its total_yes/no count equal to the amount the user bet on the prediction, which is used to calculate return for users upon a predictions resolution.
The app is deployed on Railway via a ProcFile, endpoints are created in FastAPI, and requests are limited via slowapi to prevent abuse.